hey guys today I'm gonna be showing you
some of the meals that I feed my two and
a half year old daughter this is my
third toddler's meal video so I will
link the two other ones down below if
you guys want to check those out too
since the last two videos Jane has
become very picky and sometimes she
likes certain foods and then the next
time I feed it or she doesn't like it so
I just wanted to do a little
introduction before I show you some of
the meals like I said I never know
exactly what my toddler wants to eat if
I definitely want her to eat she likes
bread and cheese so those are the two
things that I know she'll definitely eat
but I can't always feed my daughter
bread and cheese so basically I just
feed her whatever we're eating for
dinner and if she eats it she eats it if
she doesn't she doesn't and basically
what we have for dinner is usually a
meat a starch and a veggie and some days
she likes certain veggies other days she
doesn't and I'll cook it the same exact
way and then she likes it again so I
just go ahead and continue to feed her
things even if I know that she might not
like it because she might like it that
day also you're gonna notice that
there's not many meals in this video but
it's because we tend to eat the same
things besides dinner we just feed Jane
whatever we're eating but for breakfast
we only really have like three or four
staples and then same for lunch three or
four staples that we always eat and we
try to stay healthy obviously because
when we go out and we eat out usually
kids meals tend to be a little bit
unhealthy so we try to feed her as
healthy as we can while we're here at
home so I hope you guys get some ideas
of what to feed your toddler I know that
you can get stuck in a rut while you're
trying to decide on things to buy at the
grocery store so maybe this can give you
guys some ideas also the meals are not
in any sort of order I kind of just
filmed whatever we are eating whenever I
thought about it so they're not in any
kind of order I also wanted to mention a
few snacks that I like to feed Jane
she eats a snack in the morning and then
also a snack after she wakes up from nap
and I didn't show any of the snacks on
this video but basically for snacks will
either do a yoghurt or we do goldfish or
pretzels she also likes crackers and
maybe some fruit like a banana or
something that she can carry around with
her but that's it I'm gonna go ahead and
show you the meals like I said I hope
you guys get some good ideas for lunch
today Jane is having some peaches some
cheese some turkey cottage cheese and
this danimals banana strawberry smoothie
for breakfast we are having toast with
butter and some eggs for dinner tonight
Jane is having some pork chops some rice
yellow rice and a lot of green beans she
loves green beans and some water tonight
for dinner Jane is having quesadillas
and it's just cheese quesadillas
sometimes we do have chicken as well and
then some fruit she's not gonna have
this whole fruit cut but she will
definitely have some of that fruit and
there's strawberries great pineapple
cantaloupe and honeydew tonight for
dinner Jane is having ground turkey
spaghetti okay for lunch Jane is having
some cottage cheese some tuna fish a few
Triscuit crackers and a CH
dick and then we have some more fruit
here for her as well for dinner tonight
Jane is having a chicken pot pie it has
some crust some chicken some peas and
carrots and like a little gravy sauce
and she's also having where are you it's
also having some olives while it cools
off you're good huh
okay today for lunch Jane is having some
turkey a hard-boiled egg some cheese and
some olives and another strawberry
banana smoothie and some water okay for
lunch today Jane is having hot dog with
ketchup some peaches and one of these
happy baby banana beads and blueberries
to get some more of her fruits and
veggies in for dinner tonight we are
having shrimp fish and this is tilapia
corn and rice okay for breakfast Jane is
having a waffle with a tiny tiny bit of
syrup and a fruit it's banana and mango
squeeze pack okay tonight for dinner
Jane is having steak potatoes and
creamed beans
okay for breakfast Jane is having some
oatmeal and a nutrigrain bar as berry
for lunch today Jane is having a little
bit of mac and cheese some banana bread
and a strawberry yogurt for breakfast
this morning Jane is having some cereal
and this is just some cinnamon cereal
and then some strawberries she's
obviously not having all the things
today for dinner Jane is having some
fish some rice and some cheesy broccoli
okay that's it I hope you guys enjoyed
this video it's a video a thumbs up if
you found some ideas and leave some
other ideas in the comments if you guys
have them as well and I'll see you guys
in my next video bye